Some minor updates to JetBrains IDE page (#4311)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/jetbrains-plugin.md

---

> The [Dart plugin][] adds Dart support to JetBrains IDEs such as
> IntelliJ IDEA, WebStorm, and Android Studio.
> IntelliJ IDEA is an intelligent Java IDE
> with support for many other languages and frameworks.
> WebStorm is an IDE based on IntelliJ IDEA
> that's focused on web development and debugging.
> Android Studio is an IDE based on IntelliJ IDEA
> that's used for Android and Flutter development.

Reviewer: **issue:** Limit the marketing speak for JetBrains. Use active voice where possible.

**suggestion:** Link to the apps, if you want.

```suggestion
The [Dart plugin][] adds Dart support to nine of the IDEs developed by JetBrains s.r.o. 
These IDEs provide features unique to specific programming languages.
The IDEs recommended for Flutter development include:
- IntelliJ IDEA specializes in JVM-based language development.
- WebStorm specializes in JavaScript development.
- Android Studio specializes in Android and Flutter development.
```

Author: Thanks. I've applied the suggestions with modifications.
